what it takes
the screen they asked every fall the
talented 34:17
where you can experience while shows and
attractions inspired by the amazing
animals that share our planet every path
and trail invites you to explore the
possible base rock combined with wooly
and shamanism
it is these Animal Kingdom's expedition
efforts of high speed three grind snowy
peaks about caverns and I see
the venturi called the peach with chili
very creature that strikes fear into the
hearts of thrill-seekers no stitch not
you actually I was referring to the Yeti
enter off into the African savannah in
an avid air Safari before
expedition on Kilimanjaro safaris leader
in the wild and Disney's Animal Kingdom
has been transformed into a mystical
understand this onstage extravaganza is
a retelling of the classic Disney Pixar
animated film Finding Nemo to bring the
little clownfish of his cast of friends
to lie Disney reeled in some of
Broadway's finest designers and
composers the result of this and
visually inventive original music
merging puppetry and live performers to
preserve this endearing fish tick in
Dodge brand page rank titles under
the magical memories you will soon
experience can be captured forever with
Disney's PhotoPass and you can see it
share your Disney vacation photos visit
Disney PhotoPass
to help share and order your family's
photos
it's a great way to relive your Walt
Disney World vacation again and again
and now you can take your vacation
photos and create a one-of-a-kind
magical memories Disney's photo movement
combine your photos with video scenes
from Walt Disney World and greetings
from your favorite characters into a DVD
that your family can enjoy forever learn
how to make your own photo movie online
at Disney PhotoPass com
yes Tonto nice of the last part of the
mouth without we're gonna share our kids
yeah why not yeah a lot of person
beautiful way to be here oh all right
speaking baby talk to me I'm gonna count
to three okay to the corner with just a
couple of minutes to leave from arriving
at okay when's our first time ever space
rider feathers just a few minutes away
from getting to all of you so it's all
right
just have fun enjoy yourself God can be
safe please watch your step as you step
down watch its depth or brush make sure
you check for any items you might have
brought up into the amount of courage to
make sure you take everything with you
or you don't I'll take you back to the
airport and you don't want that where
you need it
everything okay we have some strollers
on the knee that we have